Update _header.md (#89)
Azure/terraform-azurerm-avm-template: _header.md

1. Search and update TODOs within the code and remove the TODO comments once complete.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > As the overall AVM framework is not v1.0.0 yet - the CI framework and test automation is not fully functional and implemented across all supported languages yet - breaking changes are expected, and additional customer feedback is yet to be gathered and incorporated. Hence, modules **MUST NOT** be published at version `1.0.0` or higher at this time.

Reviewer: Please can we change to:

```suggestion
Modules must not be published at v1.0.0 as the AVM team needs to increase test coverage and further ratify the specifications. Until that time, please release using major version zero, using minor and patch versions to denote updates as appropriate.
```

> 

> > All module **MUST** be published as a pre-release version (e.g., `0.1.0`, `0.1.1`, `0.2.0`, etc.) until the AVM framework becomes v1.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> All modules must be published as pre-release version, e.g. `< 1.0.0` until the AVM team specifies otherwise.
```
